Add note on ListInput to README (#3)
addisoncrump/parking-game-fuzzer: README.md

Fuzzing is, fundamentally, just a randomized search process guided by (in most cases) novelty.
So, when you're designing your fuzzers going forward, take the optimizations as they make themselves known to you -- but
don't lose your exploration ability along the way.

> ## Addendum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-----

## Addendum 1: Using existing LibAFL input types

```

- If you are building a fuzzer expecting composite inputs outside of this exercise, you may want take a look at
[LibAFL's `ListInput`](https://github.com/AFLplusplus/LibAFL/blob/main/crates/libafl/src/inputs/list.rs). It provides

> additional functionality around interacting with and mutating such inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
additional functionality around interacting with and mutating list-like inputs.
```
